In this video I'll explain private villans private villans are a feature that supported on the Wii's
fair distributed switch and they can be used to isolate traffic within a LAN.
So for example in this slide we see virtual machines that are all on the same network the 10 dot 1.1
that zero network.
Now maybe these virtual machines are owned by different departments or different tenants and we need
to create some sort of isolation between them.
All of our virtual machines are in primary Vili's and 10 but secondary villans have also been created
and two of these victims are in an isolated secondary plan.
Now that means that these virtual machines can only communicate with virtual machines that are connected
to promiscuous ports
even virtual machines within the same secondary isolated Villon can not communicate with each other.
They can only communicate to VMI that are connected to a promiscuous port.
So maybe the two virtual machines connected to secondary Villon and one 10 belong to different departments
or different companies.
They're isolated from each other and they can only communicate with perhaps a router that's on a permit
cueist port.
We also have community villans So notice in red and blue we have primary Vili's 10 and secondary villin
111 and in blue we have primary Villalon 10 and secondary Villalon 112 and those have been defined as
community villans the AMS within the same community can connect with each other they can communicate
within their community LAN
they can also communicate with the promiscuous violent however communities cannot communicate with each
other.
So for example if one of the virtual machines in secondary Vili's and one 11 tries to connect to one
of the virtual machines and secondary v. LAN 1:12 that traffic will not be allowed.
And again all virtual machines in all secondary villans can always communicate with anything thats connected
to a promiscuous secondary via LAN.